Add memory requirements to docs (#898)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/memory-requirements.rst

.. ******************************************************************************
.. * Copyright 2021 Intel Corporation
.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

.. _memory_requirements:

###################
Memory requirements 
###################

> By default |intelex| algorithms run in multithread mode using all available threads. 
> Depending on this the amount of RAM consumed by optimized algorithms may be more than the stock Scikit-learn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, algorithms in |intelex| run in multithreaded mode, which uses all available threads. 
This may lead to optimized algorithms consuming more RAM than the corresponding stock scikit-learn algorithms.
```

or `multi-thread`:

```suggestion
By default, algorithms in |intelex| run in multi-thread mode, which uses all available threads. 
This may lead to optimized algorithms consuming more RAM than the corresponding stock scikit-learn algorithms.
```

> SVM RAM consumption

Reviewer: is it about SVM specifically? you don't mention it in the paragraph below

Author: This topic is about SVM specifically. We don't have exact information about other algorithms yet

-------------------

> In single-thread mode both Scikit-learn and |intelex| consumes approximately the same amount of RAM.
> In default |intelex| multithread mode with ``N`` number of threads algorithm will consume in ``N`` times more RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In single-thread mode, both scikit-learn and |intelex| consume approximately the same amount of RAM.
In default multithread mode in |intelex|, an algorithm with ``N`` threads will consume ``N`` times more RAM.
```

is the second sentence about svm or does it apply to all algorithms? I think it should be placed elsewhere if it applies to all algorithms

also: maybe we need to highlight differences between single-thread vs. multi-thread modes somehow: for example, a table

Author: Maybe it's better to add table with one row and 3 columns (Algorithm, single-thread and multi-thread) and add there information about SVM? This may be more readable than a separate topic about SVM

Reviewer: yes, I agree

> GPU memory consumption

Reviewer: maybe `Memory consumption on GPU`?

----------------------

> In all |intelex| algorithms with GPU support computations run on device memory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all |intelex| algorithms with GPU support, computations run on device memory. 
```

> The device memory size must be large enough to copy the entire dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device memory must be large enough to store a copy of the entire dataset.
```

.. * Copyright 2021 Intel Corporation
.. *
.. * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. * You may obtain a copy of the License at
.. *
.. *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.. *
.. * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. * limitations under the License.
.. *******************************************************************************/

.. _memory_requirements:

###################
Memory requirements 
###################

By default, algorithms in |intelex| run in multi-threaded mode, which uses all available threads. 
This may lead to optimized algorithms consuming more RAM than the corresponding stock scikit-learn algorithms.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 30 30
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - Algorithm
     - Single-threaded
     - Multi-threaded
   * - SVM

>      - Both Scikit-learn and |intelex| consume approximately the same amount of RAM.

Reviewer 2: Do we have some where information in doc about how to run the algorithms in single thread-mode? If yes, it might be useful to add link here.

Author: We have function to change number of threads - [daalinit](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/master/generator/wrapper_gen.py#L165).
But no information about this in doc

Memory requirements 
###################

> By default, algorithms in |intelex| run in multi-threaded mode, which uses all available threads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, algorithms in |intelex| run in multi-thread mode, which uses all available threads. 
```

This may lead to optimized algorithms consuming more RAM than the corresponding stock scikit-learn algorithms.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 30 30
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - Algorithm

>      - Single-threaded
>      - Multi-threaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Single-thread mode
     - Multi-thread mode
```

   * - SVM
     - Both Scikit-learn and |intelex| consume approximately the same amount of RAM.

>      - In |intelex|, an algorithm with ``N`` number of threads will consume in ``N`` times more RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - In |intelex|, an algorithm with ``N`` threads will consume ``N`` times more RAM.
```

Memory consumption on GPU

> ----------------------

Reviewer: this line should be as long as the one right above it, otherwise the build will fail
